# Welcome to the Electron sandbox CodeTour!
This file is a hybrid markdown that contains CodeTour steps and instructions from [LogRocket](https://blog.logrocket.com/building-app-next-js-electron/).

## Basic file structure
```
nextron
├── main
    ├── helpers
    ├── background.ts
├── node_modules
├── renderer
    ├── .next
    ├── pages
    ├── public
├── resources
    ├── icons.icns
    ├── icon.ico
├── electron-builder.yml
... etc.
```

## How does Next.js work in Nextron?
Nextron automatically checks if your application is running in development mode or in production. If in development mode, Nextron takes the localhost URL generated by running a Next.js application and serves it as an Electron app. However, if in production, Nextron takes the static files generated from a Next.js build and renders them instead.

## Pages
Just like a standard Next.js application, pages function the same way in a Nextron app. 

## Important
The Nextron app does not come with an ```_app.js``` file out of the box. You need to create one manually if you decided to create your own application one day.

<hr/>

## Electron BrowserWindows
The author of the [LogRocket](https://blog.logrocket.com/building-app-next-js-electron/) article claims that it is uncommon to programmatically create new windows. Typically you create a new instance of BrowserWindow and pass properties to define things like dimensions. 
<br/>

However, it is my opinion that managing distinct functions in separate files is good practice. Keeping files limited to <u><i>ideally</i></u> ~100 lines of code increases legibility and is less overwhelming to onboard other developers. This approach is scalable for enterprise business software.

